# UWA PCS Committee Meeting Agends 2018-12-27
 - Meeting Opened: 2:13pm
 - Present: Gozz (finally got here), Nick P, Theo, Lauren, Mark (phoning in)
 - Apologies: Nick O
 - Absent: Tom

## President's report
 - Very busy doing internship things
   - it's almost like it's a   f u l l   t i m e   j o b
     - gosh
## Vice Pres's report
 - Done nothing much
   - Scheduled this meeting
## Treasurer's report
 - Done nothing much
   - Attending this meeting
## Secretary's report
 - Went to Regionals
   - am going to worlds (wild)
 - Nothing much else
   - Attending this meeting
## Fresh Rep's report
## OCM's report - Lauren
 - Done nothing much
   - Attending this meeting!
## Events
 - Prepare for ODay
   - Things we need to do:
     - Book the stall
       - Will cost $17.50
       - We already have a marquee
     - Pick/Select a location
       - Aiming for near the other Cameron hall clubs would be good
       - Near the other programming/comp sci clubs would be good too
         - Coders for causes etc.
     - Acquire additional signups via google swag
     - Set up membership form
       - Easily copied from last year
     - Plan out what we need at the stall
       - as many laptop type things for sign ups as we can get our hands on
     - shirt order?
       - Maybe free shirts for anyone who comes along to help?
       - We would need to do some budgeting and planning
       - Figure out who can come along and help out
       - We want a solid list of Definite people
         - so we know who we can rely upon to be there
         - maybe make a facebook poll
   - Action: Gozz - Figure out O-Day organisation details
   - Action: Nick P - sort out the tagging of equipment for O-Day
 - Plan Fresher Welcome/Intro Session
   - Pick a date:
     - Maybe on the Friday of week 1 during the common lunch hour?
     - Action: Lauren - Pick a date for the Fresher Welcome
   - Pick a speaker:
     - Gozz will probably present at the introducction session
     - Action: Gozz - Prepare a presentation for the Fresher Welcome
   - We should get pizza
     - We'll need someone to make the order
     - Gozz is happy to pay, Tim might pay him back
   - Book a room
     - Action: Theo & Lauren - Book the CS seminar room at the decided date
   - Lecture Bashing!
     - We want to hit up all the first and second year CS units
       - We have a better record with second year units, but we should try first as well
     - Things we need to prepare:
       - Find a schedule of all the units
       - Make a slide that covers all the essential info
         - Figure out what communication methods we need
         - Advertise the facebook page, the slack, our website, and maybe our emails
           - Tell them to google "UWA PCS" maybe?
 - Plan AGM
   - Things we need to do:
     - Pick a date
       - Restricting factors:
         - Within the first four weeks of the academic semester
           - As per our constitution
           - Semester formally starts on the last Monday of February
         - Before the assorted training for exec members
           - Would be nice
       - Maybe on a Friday at 1pm?
         - Planning for the 2nd week would be good
     - Book a room
       - The same room as last time will be good
       - Action: Theo - Book the guild meeting room for our AGM as soon as possible
     - Write up an agenda
       - Primarily Reports, Elections, General Business (Constitutional Changes)
       - Action: Theo, Nick P - write up the agenda, then run it by Gozz
     - Figure out how many days notice we need to give
       - Action: Theo - Look up the number of days notice we need to give for the AGM
     - Give that many days notice
       - Action: Theo - give notice of the AGM
       - Call for changes to the Agenda as well
     - Select returning officers
       - Formally needs to be done on the day
       - Best to plan this out once we have picked our day
## General Business
 - Issues raised from Github
   - Consider moving the VM away from UCC
     - Action: Gozz - Talk to Nick O and fix the issues with the website
     - (This whole discussion has too many details for both Theo and the Minutes)
   - Send invoice to Google
     - Someone needs to go to Guild finance and tell them we need to send an invoice
     - Action: Gozz - Find the details for the invoice (who it needs to be sent to)
     - Action: Nick P - Send the invoice (once Gozz has found the details)
 - Action: Nick P - Set up a 2019 section in the google drive and in the Github
 - Training Sessions for next year
   - We'll have a look at the CS units and see what their times are
   - From there we can figure out when the best times for average CS students are
   - And then we can book the training sessions
     - We'll want the CS Seminar Room
   - Maybe we should book two rooms, then cancel one of the bookings
   - Action: Theo and Lauren - Figure out the two optimal training times for next year
   - Action: Theo - Book Training Rooms for next year
 - Summer contests?
   - Max suggests stealing USACO questions
     - Maybe some bronze division questions (for beginners)
     - and some Silver (harder)
   - Lauren has been developing some questions
   - Theo might also 
## Previous Action Items (possibly from meeting before last??)
 - Training Session Action Items:
 - Short Term Action Items:
   - Action: Theo - See if we can book Roberts Street Lecture Theatre for next week for our normal times
     - Irrelevant
   - Action: Gozz - Put up a post for expressions of interest in T-Shirts
     - Part of ODay now
   - Action: Tom and Nick O - Look into all our hosting options
     - Been decided!
 - Ongoing/Long Term Action Items:
   - Action: Theo - Start looking at the fundamentals for creating a handover document
     - Not the most pressing this year, we'll maybe have some overlap
     - Still very useful though
   - Action: BLANK - Look into signing PCS up for a Discord instead
     - Assigned now to Gozz for further consideration
       - We have discovered there are some problems with Discord
   - Action: Everyone - Write Problems
     - Ongoing
   - Action: Theo - Book training session rooms for next year
     - More planning has occured
   - Action: Nick P - Chase up people about action items
     - More progress soon
## Action Items 
 - Training Session Action Items:
 - Short Term Action Items:
   - Action: Gozz - Figure out O-Day organisation details
   - Action: Nick P - sort out the tagging of equipment for O-Day
   - Action: Lauren - Pick a date for the Fresher Welcome
   - Action: Gozz - Prepare a presentation for the Fresher Welcome     
   - Action: Theo & Lauren - Book the CS seminar room at the decided date for the Fresher Welcome
   - Action: Theo - Book the guild meeting room for our AGM as soon as possible
   - Action: Theo, Nick P - write up the agenda, then run it by Gozz
   - Action: Theo - Look up the number of days notice we need to give for the AGM
   - Action: Theo - give notice of the AGM
   - Action: Gozz - Talk to Nick O and fix the issues with the website
   - Action: Gozz - Find the details for the invoice (who it needs to be sent to)
   - Action: Nick P - Send the invoice (once Gozz has found the details)
   - Action: Nick P - Set up a 2019 section in the google drive and in the Github   
   - Action: Theo and Lauren - Figure out the two optimal training times for next year
 - Ongoing/Long Term Action Items:
   - Action: Theo - Start looking at the fundamentals for creating a handover document
   - Action: Gozz - Look into signing PCS up for a Discord instead
   - Action: Everyone - Write Problems
   - Action: Nick P - Chase up people about action items

 - Meeting Closed: 3:45pm
