# UWA PCS Committee Meeting Agenda 2018-07-30
 - Meeting Opened: 1:07am
 - Present: Nic P, Nick O, Theo, Mark, Lauren, Lawson
 - Apologies: Gozz, Max, Tom
 - Absent: 

## President's report
 - Sent apologies
## Vice Pres's report
 - Haven't done much with regards to the club over the holidays
 - Too busy with honours
## Treasurer's report
 - Been too busy with other things
## Secretary's report
 - Have booked rooms for meetings
 - Started booking rooms for training sessions and ANZAC comps
## Fresh Rep's report
 - Have also been otherwise occupied during the holidays 
## OCM's report - Lauren
 - Finished a degree!!!!
 - Have access to lots of free time to help out more with the club now
 - Is free
## OCM's report - Nic O
 - Rebuilt the site
 - Fixed two bugs
## OCM's report - Tom
 - Sent apologies
## General Business
 - Social Event
   - We want to run a social event early in the semester
   - Options: Board games, Movies, Jackbox games, some combination of the above
     - Maybe board games + Jackbox games?
     - We can have a set of jackbox games or something similar going on, with board games around for those who are interested
     - Action:  - Run this through with Gozz
     - Action:  - Find a Venue and time
 - Training plans
   - Max has largely revamped the training times
   - Presenters have been assigned for the first two weeks worth of presentations
   - Some other presenters have been assigned, people can look into what things they would like to lecture on
   - Action:  - Lecture Bashing
   - Is there something we change with early training sessions to make them more approchable?
     - Theoretically if they're sufficiently well taught it should be approachable
 - Competition Plans
   - Plan: Have competitions this semester
   - ANZAC competitions this semester: 1/9, 15/9, 29/9, 6/10
     - Room booking is underway
   - Our competitions:
     - Maybe aim for three or four?
     - Check in with Tom to see how deep our bank of questions is
     - Maybe try and do one early? When people aren't busy
     - Go for one during the study break?
 - T-shirt planning
   - Action: Lawson - Figure out how much money everyone needs to pay
   - Action: Lawson - Get them to actually pay for it
   - We should track down exactly who wants to get a shirt, 
     - Get them their shirts, then open it up to members (and committee who didn't get one)
 - Club carnival (on the 7th)
   - We're booked in
   - It's taking place from 12 till 2 on Thursday the 7th
   - We need to get there early to get a good position and make sure of getting a table
   - Action: Gozz - Make sure that Club Carnival gets organised and run (delegate to other committee if need be)
## Previous Action Items
 - Action: Everyone - Try Week of Code
   - Some success
 - Action: Lauren, Max, Theo, Gozz, Nic O, Nick P - Write Problems
   - Some people have written problems
   - Nic O and Lauren are down for helping with flavour
 - Action: Mark - Tell someone else problemn idea so they can write it
   - Wrote it himself
 - Action: Tom - Make sure the next competition gets organised (ongoing)
   - Unfinished
 - Action: Gozz and Tom - Remake the PCS site with documentation to teach future committees how to update it (ongoing)
   - Nic has done a partial re-write
 - Action: Theo - Talk to SPACE, say that we're interested in their Quiz night (ongoing)
   - Haven't gotten back to it
 - Action: Theo - Look into writing a handover document
   - Still need to do this at some point
## Action Items 
 - Action: Gozz - Make sure that Club Carnival gets organised and run (delegate to other committee if need be)
 - Action: Nick P - Run the social event planning through with Gozz
 - Action: Nick P - Find a Venue and time for the social event
 - Action: Lawson - Lecture Bashing
 - Action: Lawson - Figure out how much money everyone needs to pay
 - Action: Lawson - Get them to actually pay for it
 - Action: Lauren, Max, Theo, Gozz, Nic O, Nick P - Write Problems
 - Action: Tom - Make sure the next competition gets organised (ongoing)
 - Action: Gozz and Tom - Remake the PCS site with documentation to teach future committees how to update it (ongoing)
 - Action: Theo - Talk to SPACE, say that we're interested in their Quiz night (ongoing)
 - Action: Theo - Look into writing a handover document
 - Action: Gozz - Reimage the VM for the site

 - Meeting Closed: 1:44am
