# UWA PCS Annual General Meeting 2018-03-16

Present: Nicholas Pritchard (Nick P), Minh Le, Jesse Wyett, Theo Vickery, Wesley Cox, Tim Davies (Tim D), Max Ward, Andrew Gozzard (Gozz), Alex Thatcher, Nichlas O'Callaghan (Nick O), Felix von Perger, Thomas Hill Almeida, James Arcus, Mark Robson, Lawson Taylor, Lauren Gee, Timothy Chapman (Tim C), Alfred Burgess, Taylor Home, Donald Sutherland

Meeting opened 13:08
## Committee Reports
- President's report
  - This is the best year for PCS in history
  - General thanks
  - Hope for another great year for PCS
- Vice Pres's report
  - A lot happened this year
    - The club started
    - We're now an official and SOC affiliated club
      - We can now get grants
    - Have a club site.
    - Have a structure for running our training sessions and competitions
    - Sent two teams to regional finals
    - We did Oday, it was precisely average
    - We have a team going to world finals
    - Just hit a hundred registered members, and we should be able to support a larger committee
  - Thanks to Max
- Treasurer's report
  - Currently guild account hold $1496.59, cash box is $56 (before today, there have been some signups)
  - A lot of that money came from Google, $1000 a year
  - We have a few costs
    - $25 a year for website
    - Most other expenses covered by grants, like Oday
  - General Thanks
- Secretary's report
  - Nothing to report
- Fresh Rep's report
  - Main role was to liais with new members and committee
  - Going forward, would be good to clarify role of fresher rep to see what they can do.

## Amendments to constitution
- Expand committee to include 3 ordinary committee members, and refactor some parts of the constitution.
- Gozz: Everyone should have access to a copy of the constitution and the proposed changes
  - We are required to run through these ammendments. We will discuss them at leisure, then move to pass them as a whole
    - Taylor: People can move to pass them separately if they prefer
  - We are adding three OCMS
    - Taylor: Why three?
    - Gozz: It's standard. We can support this many and it's an effective number.
  - Absentee voes are allowed for financial members who have been with the club for at least 42 days.
    - Someone: Why 42?
    - Gozz: It's exactly 6 weeks and a nerd reference.
  - Fixed a typo in Section 11.1(a), "Office Bears" to change to "Office Bearers".
  - Fixed a typo on the date in Appendix A, "2018-03-15" to "2018-03-16".
- Gozz moves that we adopt the amendments listed in the document, with typo fixes.
  - Max seconds
  - James: 17 for quorum is close. We might not be able to get there next year.
    - Taylor: If you're going to have a committee of 8 people, an appropriate quorum to have is twice size of committee + 1. If that's an issue, we might want to consider reducing the size of committee.
    - Max: We have enough members to have that as quorum. We should have made it clearer in advertising that we need at least 17 attendees. We had more people at first training session than at AGM.
    - Gozz: Very common for first-time members to not attend AGM. Vast majority of our members are currently first-time members.
  - Motion stands unchanged.
  - Max: Let's vote.
  - Vote passes unanimously.

## Elections
- Suspend standing orders
  - Gozz nominates Taylor Home and Donald Sulivan as returning officers.
    - Taylor and Donald accept.
  - Gozz moves that we suspend standing orders and appoint Taylor Home and Donald Sulivan as returning officers.
    - Vote passes unanimously.
- Taylor motions to not do seconding
  - Max seconds
  - Vote passes unanimously
- Alfred Burges arrives 13:47
- Alex Thatcher leaves 13:48
- President
  - Standing Nominee(s): Andrew Gozzard
  - Donald: Now accepting further nominations for the position of president
  - Gozz nominates Max Ward
    - Max declines
  - We welcome Andrew Gozzard, president by default.
  
- Vice Pres
  - Standing Nominee(s): Nicholas Pritchard, Tom Almeida
  - Theo nominates Mark
    - Mark declines
  - Max nominates Theo
    - Theo declines
  - Wesley nominates himself
  - Theo nominates Lauren
    - Lauren declines
  - Nick O nominates himself
  - Speeches
    - Nick P: Involved for a few years now. Not the strongest competitior but dedicated. Learnt more from club than units. Hope it gets better and better.
    - Tom: Most of us are studying computer science. Been part of club for 1 year. Before that was in Melbourne, did competitive programming there. Not strongest of coders in the club. Already given talk about C++ optimization. Also ran Oday stall with Gozz and Tim. 
    - Welsey: Been involved with competitions for at least 3 of last 5 years. Was heavily involved for a lot of that, and would like to keep being involved.
    - Nick O: Studying computer science at UWA. Been doing competitive programming in last 5-6 years. This year going to world finals. Written a couple of competitions for PCS. Looking forward to the next year.
  - Questions
    - Theo: are you planning on running for other positions or committees
      - Nick P: Last year was in Coders for Causes. Have some experience. Currently not on any other committees. Will run for OCM.
      - Tom: Never been on any committees, also going for OCM.
      - Wesley: No prior experience, but currently post-grad rep for computer science student club. OCM for creative writing poetry. Will run for OCM or another role if not vice-pres.
      - Nick O: Will also run for treasurer and OCM.
    - Theo: Do you have any changes or events you'd like to make for the club
      - Nick P: When I first started competitive programming was a bit intimidating. We've already done intro this year. Would be really good to focus on new members. Maybe different training material, separate to experienced members. Don't just want to consider next year coming, how do we consistently get better performance in the next year too.
      - Tom: A couple of sessions on specific languages. Last year I did C++ optimization. We have a number of people using different languages. There's a good number of people that write in python. Would like to see people coming in getting tips on how to optimize for their language.
      - Wesley: No current ideas. That bit about the languages seems cool, I might steal that idea.
      - Nick O: More focus on contests and training material. Could tie in competition questions with material.
    - Max: Strongly in favour of new member focus, but want to know how people will support people going to world finals
      - Nick P: Generally having more granularity in content should help.
      - Tom: Training sessions are currently fine. Most people will already know some material. To get more teams ready for world finals we need more focus on competitions. Challenging problems + problems for beginners. Last year we didn't do much practise solving with pen & paper before the ICPC.
      - Wesley: Good idea to focus on physical code notebooks, debugging practices, competition practices. They seem little but they make a huge difference.
      - Nick O: I think the focus we have on training is good, but we're lacking focus on working as a team. All competitions are individual. Makes it difficult when you realise you don't know your team well.
      - Tom: Would be good to have editorials after competitions.
  - Tie between Tom and Nick P
    - Gozz: What other positions would you be running for?
      - Nick P: Just OCM
      - Tom: Just OCM
  - We welcome the new vice-president of PCS, Nicholas Prichard.
- Treasurer
  - Standing nominee(s): Mark Robson
  - James nominates himself
  - Max nominates Wes
    - Wes accepts.
  - Gozz nominates THeo
    - Theo accepts.
  - Nick O nominates Max.
    - Max declines.
  - Mark: Was current treasurer. Not particularly much property to look after. It's a nice role and I feel like I can help and support it in this manner.
  - James: Joined as a member last year, wasn't involved before then. Was glad to see that it was a thing. Enjoyed competing a lot and decided to give something back by running for committee. Would like to help with running competitions as well as my treasurer duties.
  - Wesley: I know how to keep track of money.
  - Theo: I've been on committee on Unisfa for 6 months. I've been part of the club for a year. I would like to give back to the club. I think I'm reasonably organised and would do a good job.
  - Gozz: Are you on any other committees, if you don't get this will you be running for any other positions on this or other committees.
    - Mark: No, OCM
    - James: Committee member of photography club. Would be running for OCM if I don't get this positions.
    - Wesley. Postgrad rep for CSSC & OCM for creative writing poetry, OCM
    - Theo, No, Secretary & OCM
  - Max: Imagine that computer science faculty is no longer willing to pay for regionals flights. How would you respond to that?
    - Mark: Would approach faculty member and try to convince them otherwise. Failing that, would seek sponsorship elsewhere. Else would see who could support themselves and would offer to help finance those who can't.
    - James: Definitely worth the club putting money forward, is inline with our objectives. Would investigate guild grants. Would consider a fundraiser if others do have to pay their own way.
    - Wesley: Good idea to put some money forward. Don't have anything to add to what's been said.
    - Theo: Agree with others. Special projects grant from guild. Other fundraisers. Even talking to UCC.
  - We welcome our new treasurer, Mark.
- Secretary
  - Standing nominee(s): Minh Le, Theo Vickery
  - Wesley nominates max
    - Max declines
  - Mark nominates Tom and James
    - James accepts
    - Tom accepts
  Max nominates wesley and Nick O
    - Wesley declines
    - Nick O accepts.
  - Minh: Increase visibility with people. Aggressively promote all events. Social events, collaboration with other clubs. Oday this year was a massive success.
  - Theo: Same as above. I've been part of this club, want to be helping out. Can do good job as secretary and write good minutes. Advertising sounds great. Should advertise more to people doing computer science units.
  - James: Comp sci major. OCM of photography club, been looking over exec shoulders. Has some knowledge of how secretary should function. I remember getting an email that said you've done well and might be interested. People might be interested despite their ability. We could target beginners more.
  - Tom: As everyone else has said, all of the above. We do need more exposure. As previously mentioned was on stall during oday. That was a success as people found out we existed. The main thing is getting what we do and why it's a good idea out there. More people becoming interested in competitive programming. The secretary will probably be running editorials. 
    - Gozz: Common misunderstanding is that committee has to do everything. They just have to make sure that everything gets done. Max may be able to write editorials for our competitions.
  - Nick O: Improve on getting more members in. New people in CompSci, and those interested in programming. More focus on those who are new is worthwhile.
  - Questions 
    - Mark: Do you plan to run for OCM?
      - All do.
    - Gozz: Minh, are you on/do you intend to run for other committee positions
      - Minh: On TedX UWA as brand officier. On volunteer tutor exchange.
  - We welcome the new secretary Theo.
- Fresh Rep
  - Standing nominee(s): Timothy Chapman, Lawson Tyler
  - Tom nominates Nick O
    - Nick O declines
  - Gozz nominates Felix
    - Felix accepts
  - Tim C: I've been programming for a while. Was in club that did these sorts of competitions. Very passionate about it, love programming. Have website, and am only person that uses it. Mostly does front and back-end java. 
  - Lawson: 3rd year compsci student. Currently on committee for coders for causes. Good at getting stuff done. Do get easily distracted. Spent 10 weeks making portable <secretary also gets easily distracted>. All people I talk to about coders for causes don't think they're cut out for it, want to change that attitude.
  - Felix: 1st year, studying other subjects but interested in programming. Know how it works, can give some input to new people trying to join the club. Intend to run for UCC as well. Want to connect to network of people, 1st years, to get them to take up competitive programming and come to PCS.
  - Questions
    - Lauren: What are your strategies for networking with freshers.
      - Tim C: I already know a few freshers in the club. Will stick around after sessions to talk to people. Get to know why they joined and what they're trying to get out of it.
      - Lawson: I think we should be doing blasts, getting in front of lectures and talking about it.
      - Felix: Going to events and trying to actively meet people there. Also through other clubs I've joined such as coders for causes, UCC
    - Taylor: Do you plan to stick around and run for exec positions in future years.
      - Tim C: Definitely potentially. Can't guarantee but will consider it. Also considering running for other clubs such as the maths union and unigames.
      - Lawson: Exec at coders for causes this year.
      - Felix: Running for exec at UCC, if that works well will run for PCS.
    - We welcome our new fresher rep Lawson Tyler.
- Ordinary Committee Members
  - Standing nominee(s): Tom Almeida, Wesley Cox, Nicholas Pritchard (declined), James Arcus, Jesse Wyatt, Lauren Gee, Theo Vickery, Nicholas O'Callaghan, Lawson Tyler (declined)
    - Tim nominates Minh
      - Minh accepts
    - Theo nominates Felix
      - Felix accepts
    - Mark nominates Timothy Chapman
      - Tim C accepts.
    - Tom nominates Max
      - Max declines
    - Wesley: Been here long time, <secretary missed the rest>
    - Jesse: Like everyone else here, officially here since last year. Second year student. Coming into club has taught me an incredible amount, more than other units. Been good for motivation. Would like to give that back to everyone else.
    - Lauren: 5th year. Like programming, have been programming since highschool. Got a nice team. Like writing competition questions. I'd like to be a member to help the club and get more people in, and make competitions focusing on teamwork.
    - James: Discovered club last year. Helped, enjoyed it, want to give back. Hopefully can write some problems for competitions
    - Tom: Found out about club last year. Enjoyed my time. Would like to help out in any way I can.
    - Nick O: First time member of club. Like to be able to contribute to club. Nice change to be able to have say in what the club does.
    - Minh: Focus is marketing, communication, graphics design, and having training sessions aimed at beginners.
    - Felix: Really important to promote the club more. Didn't know about it before Oday. Sessions aimed towards beginners.
    - Tim: As I said before. I enjoy programming and competitions. I know that I want to get involved, and being on committee would be the best way for me to do that.
    - Questions
      - Taylor: Are you already on other committees?
        - In order: Wesley, Jesse, Lauren, James, Tom, Nick O, Minh, Felix, Tim
        - Yes, Nothing, Nothing, Photography club, No, No, TedexUWA, Running for UCC, No others.
      - Gozz: Would you run for an exec position next 
        - Yes, Yes, It depends on how this year goes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. If I enjoy it.
      - Gozz: Would you be willing to modify our site, would you be willing to write editorials
        - Yes/Yes, Y/Probably not, Y/Y, Y/Y, Y/Y, Y/Y, Y/Y, Y/Y, Y/Probably not immediately
    - We welcome Lauren, Tom, and Nick O as the new OCMs
- Reinstate standing orders
  - Taylor: Motion to reinstate standing orders
    - Passes unanimously
## General Business
- Timothy Chapman: Are there plans for mock competitions?
  - Gozz: Many
- Tom: Last year there were 5 members. This year there's 8. In case of a tie, who has the deciding vote.
  - Gozz: Simple majority, a tie fails.
- Lauren: For practise competitions, how frequently?
  - Gozz: Depends on how much manpower we have.
- Jesse: Is there room for us to take existing competitions from other places and use them? 
  - Gozz: Copyright would be a minor concern.
  - Max: Most websites where questions are available the questions are under a very open license
  - Problem is people googling the questions in the contest.
  - Gozz: Suitable for unranked competitions. Still requires time in preparation.
  - If possible would run a competition a week.
- Lawson: has polling finished on when we run training days?
  - Max: We've booked Thursdays 4pm in seminar room, Tuesdays in robert street lecture theatre 5pm onwards.
- Lawson: Frequency of committee meetings?
  - Gozz: Would like to run them weekly.
- Theo: Do we need an OGM in the second semester?
  - Gozz: It's not required by the constitution. It's optional.
  - Taylor: Have to have at least 3 events a year, and must have a general meeting within 13 months of last AGM.
- Max: May move away from facebook for slack. Up to the new committee.
- Tom: New competion already in the works?
  - Max: Left up to the new committee.
- Topics, have they already been decided on?
  - Max: Have discussed them a lot with the old committee. Up to new committee whether they want to follow them.

Meeting closed 15:24
