# UWA PCS Committee Meeting Agenda 2018-04-09
 - Meeting Opened 11:08
 - Present: Gozz, NP, Mark, Theo, Tom, Lauren
 - Absent: Max, Lawson, Nick O

## President's report
 - Have been primarily working on a paper
 - Not much else
 - Didn't do Student Leadership Training
   - Too Busy
   - Already has it from 2014(ish)
 - Did a codejam
## Vice Pres's report
 - Did Student Leadership Training
   - It was good
 - Contest went fine
## Treasurer's report
 - Too busy with actual uni work
## Secretary's report
 - Tried to book a room, didn't work
   - Sent an email to Admin about it
 - Updated the google calendar with the rest of the semesters training session
   - Not sure what happens after that
 - Put up events, sent out announcements
## Fresh Rep's report
## OCM's report - Tom
 - Helped out with the Competition
 - Need to write an editorial
   - Partly outsourcing this to the problem writers
   - Gozz can help, so can NP
   - Should be doable
 - Competed in CodeJam
## OCM's report
## OCM's report
## General Business
 - Tom: What's the deal with the google swag
   - Gozz: It's on it's way and all sorted
   - Tom: What are we using it for?
   - Gozz: Partly prizes for our competitions, partly prizes for the Cameron Hall quiz night
 - Gozz: Clubroom, do we want one?
   - No other club actually needs it apparently
   - So maybe we could be the best applicant if we have anything worth talking about
   - Because it could certainly be quite a boon to the club
   - Application ideas:
     - Standard uses: Committee meetings etc. don't really need a mention
     - Social space for members
     - the entire point of our club is experience members train newer members
       - We are thus effectively losing all members who can't make it to our training sessions
       - This would give us more contact hours/opportunities
     - We want to build teams for contests, this is a place where they could practice
     - Perfect for interview training for members
     - A space for members to work on projects together
     - We're currently running our entire site and competition setup out of a Single virtual Machine in UCC
       - This is causing some problems with the running of our site
       - In the future perhaps, we would want to consider running our own server out of this room
     - We would want to do a membership drive to get everyone to pay for membership to make our club look better
     - Mark: This would be a huge responsibility for the club
       - We would have to organise some kind of gatekeeper system for taking care of the room
       - We would have to manage the room
     - How much overlap we have with other Cameron Hall Clubs
     - Gozz: Worst case scenario (for us) if we get the clubroom
       - We get the clubroom, we do nothing of value with it for three years
       - But if this happens we can volunteer the room up again
     - The only thing that would (potentially) beat our application is another club that actually needs a clubroom
       - In which case we're happy for them to have it
     - Mention that we are still a very young club and we're growing a lot
   - Our application would just entail all the things we could and would like to do with a clubroom
   - We want to be transparent and honest
   - Action: Gozz - Keep an eye on the application process
 - Mark: Do I need to start handling funds for t-shirts?
   - Nic O isn't here, we can't get started really
   - Mark: awaiting instructions re: t-shirts
 - NP: What is happening with the slides?
   - No-one has volunteered to write them yet
   - NP can probably do it
   - Action: NP - Do slides for this week
   - Action: NP - Present Tuesday
   - Action: Theo - Present Thursday
 - Lauren: Can we make a dark theme for the PCS site?
   - Gozz: it would be good, but if it's not built in then it's way too much work
 - Theo: Slides for next week (it's graphs)
   - Gozz: will probably be free by then
   - Action: Gozz - Slides for next week
   - Action: Gozz - Problems for post training session discussions
 - (Mark and Tom leave for classes at this point)
## Previous Action Items
 - Action: Gozz - Keep planning the unigames social event
   - Ongoing
 - Action: Gozz and Tom - Remake the PCS site with documentation to teach future committees how to update it
   - Ongoing
 - Action: NP to coordinate the study break comp
   - Done
 - Action: Mark - do treasurer training
 - Action: Theo - Maintain calendar
   - Done
 - Action: Theo - Organise a meeting room for committee meetings
   - attempted
 - Action: Max - Keep coordinating the University of Adelaide collaborative contest
 - Action: Max - Help organise contest 1, write a question etc.
## Action Items 
 - Action: Gozz - Problems for post training session discussions
 - Action: Gozz - Slides for next week
 - Action: Theo - Present Thursday
 - Action: NP - Present Tuesday
 - Action: NP - Do slides for this week
 - Action: Gozz - Keep an eye on the application process
 - Action: Max - Keep coordinating the University of Adelaide collaborative contest
 - Action: Mark - do treasurer training
 - Action: Theo - Organise a meeting room for committee meetings

Meeting Closed 11:52
