# UWA PCS Committee Meeting Agenda 2017-10-03
TODO cleanup and rearranging  
Present: Tim, Gozz, Max, Mark, Tim French (TimF)  
Absent: Minh (Apologies sent)
Meeting opened 16:30
## President's report
- Training sessions have been getting sparse but we're still running them.
- We've been setting up our first social event - a boardgame night on oct 9th
- Haven't set up next contest but been working on it.
- Divisionals coming up, not exactly club work but they're related. They're using most of my time.

## Vice Pres's report
- Been helping with social event
- Currently preparing image for real competition.
- Been working on getting Tim to do EMP

## Treasurer's report
- Feeling guilty about not doing anything. Assign me things and I will do them.

## Secretary's report
- Been working on the social event emp and announcements.

## Fresh Rep's report
- Absent, apologies sent

## General Business
- Max: Divisionals are in two weeks.
  - They're our most important event and we need to adverstise is aggresively.
  - Team registration has to be done this week. 
  - We'll push it during the training session today.
  - Action: Mark to post and make an event for divisionals. 
    - Get people to find a team to register, provide links.
    - If they don't have a team they should post and we'll help them find a team. They should compete regardless of how they think theyll do.
    - Deadline this friday (hard deadline this sunday).
- Tim: Contacted by Consulting Society about an event we could advertise to our members.
  - No benefit to us, we'll ignore it.
- Max: We have one more training session. We should cover competition meta strategies.
  - TimF: I can come along and give stories about how people have failed or made mistakes previously.
  - TimF: And we should put up a test comp on the Tuesday night after training (6pm).
    - Max: Do some easy questions, one hard one.
    - Tim: And that's to make sure people know how to get code printed out and such?
    - Max: Also to make sure our system works
    - TimF: People will need to choose editors, coding environment and set it up during the competition, etc.
- TimF: Got a small window before divisionals if you want to get sponsorship 
  - Hackathon coming up, some groups may be interested in meeting with people like PCS.
  - Max: It would be good to get some sponsorship.
  - TimF: Can invite people down for the presentations after the competition.
  - Jetbrains is the event sponsor, so there should be some swag turning up.
  - IBM's out. That doesn't prohibit us from having local sponsors.
  - Max: Could go for next year if we can't do anything this year.
  - Gozz: Can run competitions out of PCS over the break.
  - TimF: Could go to Woodside.
    - Max: Makes sense, Nick has an internship there.
    - Action: Gozz to write a blurb for potential sponsors. What they'd be doing, what they'd get out of it. 
      - Gozz: If sponsorship doesn't directly go through the club we don't need to go through guild. If we want them to sponsor the club we could look into it.
      - TimF: Check the regulations.
- Max to make a PCS competition.
- TimF: Would be good if someone could help to set up Friday afternoon.
  - Max: I might be able to come by.
## Previous Action Items
- Action: Tim to make a poll on facebook.
  - Done, doing boardgames.
- Action: Max to figure out a way to turn $150 into prizes and how to allocate them.
  - Done
  - Mark: If you need the money let me know.
  - Gozz: Guild may require us to deposit it
- Action: Max to make a post about the upcoming divisionals.
  - Delegated to Mark

## Action Items
- Action: Tim to make an event for the the social event tomorrow.
- Action: Mark to make a divisionals announcement and event.
- Action: Mark to deposit cash.
- Action: Mark to post and make an event for divisionals.
- Action: Gozz to write a blurb for potential sponsors. What they'd be doing, what they'd get out of it. 

Meeting closed 16:55
