# UWA PCS Committee Meeting minutes 2017-05-24

Present: Max, Minh, Mark, Tim, Gozz, Ridge, Lauren

Meeting opened 16:39
## President's report
- Ran a contest successfully, with Ridge
- Ran previous session successfully, with Ridge
- Did some preparation for next training session. It's an interview training session.

## Vice Pres's report
- Uhhhhhuhuhuhhhhhhhhhahugh, minute it exactly as that
- Need to go into UCC some time to set up our VM. Will rope Max into it.
- Did comp Geom training session. Thankyou Ridge for doing number theory

## Treasurer's report
- Desparately tried to get an answer out of Coders for Causes, no luck
- Will atttend SOC meeting.

## Secretary's report
- ARRRRgggggh, bad at uni. Ridge can attest.

## Fresh Rep's report
- Nothing to report.
- Max: Would it be weird to refer to the fresher rep as the fresh prince?
  - Gozz: Nothing's stoping us
  - Minh: What if it's a girl next time?
  - Max: The fresh 'it'.
## General Business
- Mark: What is the club's official stance on the clubs running for guild affiliation at the SOC meeting?
  - UWA Harry Potter society
    - Gozz: strong no
  - Sausage and Bun Appreciation Society
    - Gozz: Their plan is to show up after other club's drinking parties, and do a sausage sizzle.
    - Max: Strong don't care
  - UWA Vietnamese Students Associates
    - Gozz: There's already an Asian party. Up to Mark. Listen to pitch, decide as our representative.
  - UWA Strings society
    - Gozz: No, already a bunch of UWA music societies.
- Ongoing points of discussion
  - Need to setup the server from UCC. Just want basic scripts for now. Simple webserver and database.
    - Gozz: Happy with Debian?
      - Max: Any reasonable Linux is fine.
    - Want to use Hackerrank or Polygon to prepare our own internal questions and contests.
      - Gozz: I wonder if we can make a Domjudge looking thin-wrapper interface around hacker rank.
      - Max: People have had plenty exposure to Domjudge.
      - Try and setup domjudge in case we need it for training purposes on the debian.
      // TODO is Max setting up Domjudge an action?
    - Action: Gozz to setup server with reasonable Linux
  - Interview training sessions
    - May as well run one today as we had no plan for training session
    - Should run one on friday
      - Gozz: Yep
      - Action: Max & Gozz to run training session.
  - Next internal training contest
    - Ridge
    - Mark (can't, work is crushing)
- EMPs
  - Deadline is end of year. No pressure yet.
  - Action: Tim to make an EMP.
- Logo
  - Gozz looked into it ish.
  - Can reproduce his section
  - Hannah busy with uni work.
  - Action: Gozz to complete before next week.
- Github of example implementations
// TODO I can't remember how accurate this was ot the discussion.
  - Could group source it, let people add or update implementations.
  - Gozz: Between Max and Gozz could find an accepted implementation in C++ with language tricks, live code that for a training session, submit that to github.
  - Can we test them on domjudge?
    - Max: There are still bugs in min-cost max flow. It's a nightmare.
- Mark: What's our abbreviation?
  - PCS is fine within UWA
  - Constitution has the official ones.
- Gozz: We have $138 bucks from signups. If we implement ranking system and it works well, can award (non-monetary) prizes at the end of the year.
  - PCS Socks. 
  - Room is asked if they want PCS socks.
  - 6 want PCS socks.
  - Max: Strong dispproval, also wants PCS socks.
- World finals was announced by Ridge.
- What are the next two Training sessions?
  - Max: I'm on top of it.
  - Need to cover max flow, that's the 80%
  - Gozz: Go through list of everything we've been over, make a poll for what people want recovered
  - Mark: We learn incrementally over years.
  - Action: Max and Gozz to do the interview training session.
## Previous Action Items
- Action: Tim to do EMP paperwork.
  - No progress, uni workload is reducing, will do by next time.
- Action: Max to work out an interview training plan.
  - Ongoing
- Action: Gozz to sort out the new logo
  - See general business. The full logo is stalled but the basic one is doable.
- Action: Gozz and Max to work on competition 2, and to recruit others to help.
  - Thanks to Ridge
- Action: Max to consider a shared github and practise implementation sessions.
  - Considered.

## Action Items
- Action: Max and Gozz to do the interview training session.
- Action: Gozz to setup server with reasonable Linux.
- Action: Tim to make an EMP.
- Action: Gozz to make the basic logo (before next week).
- Action: Max and Gozz prepare the next training sessions.

Meeting closed 17:00
