# UWA PCS Committee Meeting Agenda 2017-03-29

meeting opened 16:39

## Attendance
- Present: Gozz, Tim, Mark, Zack, Alden, Phil, Ridge, Lauren, Callum
- Absent: Max Ward, Minh Le

## President's report
- Max has written a practise contest for tonight. Yuki accidentally deleted it. Version control is "Max has a copy and is asleep. He'll restore it when he wakes up".
- Absent, still in America

## Vice Pres's report
- Helped Callum write presentation for this week. Helped Mark write presentation for last week.
- We're a real club, Gozz can start on PHD work.

## Treasurer's report
- Completed treasuer training. Boring.
- Finance is good, $113 (someone overpaid by $1). Highest yet recorded.
- Looked into github plugins. All inappropriate: Logs in 1 month chunks. Would need to open 12 to see any useful information.

## Secretary's report
- General notification. 
- I'm sleepy.

## Fresh Rep's report
- Absent

## General Business
- Trusted member group
  - What are their responsibilities and privileges?
    - People who help with training sessions, and preparation for that
    - Github access
    - Google Drive access (a specific folder)
    - Nothing in the way of responsibilities.
    - Primarily need to trust them not to mess with the github/drive.
  - Who will be in the group?
    - People who have helped: Callum, Ridge
    - Let any committee member add. Majority vote to remove. (As an operating policy, not necessary to vote on here)
  - Action: Gozz to set up file structure.
- Events
  - EMP for training sessions
    - 2 events a year to remain in existence.
    - Each training session counts, may submit an EMP for the recurring event.
    - Action: Tim to do EMP paperwork.
  - What other events are we going to run?
    - Practise competitions, ANZAC.
      - Don't need to be EMPed.
      - Will largely be remote.
      - One on tonight if Max can recover it.
    - Training sessions
      - Hands on sessions come under this umbrella. e.g. go to lab and actually write code.
  - Will these be advertised in Guild Weekly?
    - The training sessions, that's the most introductory thing.
- Discord
  - A member set up a discord for us. Gozz has admin access.
  - Will we encourage members to use it?
    - Listed on facebook page.
    - We should use it more.
    - 
  - Fresher rep arrives. Nothing to report. TODO(tim): Move this.
  - Could it be used for committee meetings?
    - People could provide input while the meeting is going.
    - Would require broadcasting.
    - People can respond to the minutes after the meeting.
    - Will consider further.
- Student leadership training for someone on committee
  - Gozz has done it once, doesn't want to do it again.
  - April.
  - Action: Tim to look into, signup, something.
- Competition server alternatives.
  - Thanks to Yuki for setting up and running the Domjudgeserver.
  - Gozz contacted Kattis. They provide the competition system for the world finals for ICPC.
    - Provide free education license
    - More for classwork than competition.
    - Phone meeting upcoming.

## Previous Action Items
- Action: Mark to buy money box, bags, and prepare float
  - done
- Action: Gozz to make gmail account
  -done
- Action: Tim to make signup form
- Action: Tim to book room and call AGM
- Action: Gozz & Tim to attend SOC meeting

## Action Items

Meeting closed at 17:01
