# UWA PCS Interim Committee Meeting 2017-03-10

Meeting opened 13:00

## Attendance
- Present:
  - President (Max)
  - Vice-President (Gozz)
  - Treasurer (Mark)
  - Secretary (Tim)

## President's Report
- Gozz and I handed in new club application forms
- Flying to US Monday (2017-03-13)
  - Back April
- SOC meeting next Wednesday 6pm (2017-03-15)
- Next training session is Wednesday 5pm
  - Gozz are doing it
  
## Vice-President's Report
- See Pres Report
- Wrote constitution
  - Thanks to Lyndon "Frames" White for the help
- Set up this github!
- Will be going to SOC meeting to represent club
- I have already done Student Leadership Training a couple of years ago
  - Emailed guild asking if someone needs to do it for this year

## Treasurer's Report
- Signed up for Treasurer Training
- Current Finances:
  - NULL

## Secretary's Report
- Diddly-squat (that's fine)
- Will be going to SOC meeting with Gozz

## General Business
- Membership fee
  - Minimum possible
    - General approval
    - $2 for Guild, $4 for non
  - TODO(mark-robson): By money box, bags, and prepare float
- Membership form
  - Google Form with extra fields (e.g: Paid, Approval, and Approver)
  - TODO(gozzarda): Make gmail account
  - TODO(timothydavies): Make form
- AGM
  - Proposed date: 2017-03-21 1pm
    - General approval
  - Need to book a room
    - We could try get somewhere in CS
      - Would have to book through Tim French
    - Guild Council Meeting Room is more typical
      - Can be booked by talking to guild or emailing hello@guild...
    - Prefer CS
  - TODO(timothydavies): Book room and call meeting
  - Membership is going to be available at the AGM
- SOC meeting
  - Tim and Gozz are going
  - Wednesday 2017-03-15 6pm
  - TODO(gozzarda, timothydavies): Attend
- Training sessions
  - 2017-03-15: Gozz and Mark, searching, etc.
  - 2017-03-22: Mark and Gozz, sorting, etc.
- Trusted member group
  - We should have one
  - General agreement
  - Details TBD by elected committee 

## Previous Action Items
- Base Case: {}

## Action Items
// TODO(timothydavies): Do the action items

Meeting closed at 14:00
