# UWA PCS Committee Meeting Agenda 2019-04-01

Meeting Opened: 3:09

Present: Nick, Jesse, David, Albert, Seamus, Gozz, Tom, Lauren (3:18)

Apologies: null

Absent: James

## President's report (Nick Pitchard)

- wrote some git slides
- made an event for git
- have made a bunch of banner for things
- sprooked quizz night
- sent the bat signal for interviews

## Vice Pres's report (Tom Hill Almeida)

- working with max and albert on the next contest
  - albert has given an interesting problem
  - max has helped a lot with test data and problem states
- needs to give albert admin access
- should run contest during study break as it is assignment time
- cameron hall quizz night should be a good time

## Treasurer's report (Jesse Zhou)

- has finished one emp
- waiting on time and location of things for more action
- still thinking of questions

## Secretary's report (David Adams)

- went and presented graph thing last week
- have 0 free hours for next three weeks
- will be waiting to book rooms

## Fresh Rep's report (Albert Smith)

- helping prepare contest
- is writing problems
- helped present graph slides

## OCM's report (Lauren Gee)

- did code jam and was fun
  - made it to the next round
- did interviews for google which was ok
- was supposed to nag people more but did not
- when is good is almost done
- has been recommending to freshers

## OCM's report (Seamus Mulholland-Patterson)

- was not able to go graph session
- is working on a new problem

## OCM's report (James)

- absent

## IPP report (Gozz)

- read up on git so can now talk about it
- has been doing other general things

## Events

- git talk this afternoon, they make a good case for using git
- training is graphs 3
  - albert is doing this again and will make it more implementation focused this time
  - dynamic programming is next week and slides will need to be made for this
- anzac 3
  - gozz no longer has the time to do this
  - should still happen and is just sys admin
  - everything else is other people problem
- interview prep
  - 4 responses from the form
  - one is nick and another is tom
  - there is general interest
  - monday next week sounds like a good time
- study night
  - uec has gone blank so we are going to do our own
  - we should run our own one
  - should be run two weeks from now on monday

## General Business

- quizz night tables for not formally made
- Unigames ran out of tickets and had to get more which was fun
- SOC meeting is coming up on the 15th (next wednesday)
  - jesse will be going to this

## Previous Action Items

- ACTION: nick - work out plan of action for the study session in week 12 (done)
- ACTION: nick - put issues up on the issue board for longer term projects (ongoing)
- ACTION: everyone - find a name for practical programming (ongoing)
- ACTION: nick - sprook cameron hall quiz night (done)
- ACTION: nick - send out the bat signal for interview training (done)
- ACTION: lauren - do tiks (ongoing)

## Action Items

- ACTION: nick - put up an event for anzac 3
- ACTION: nick - make pcs canver account
- ACTION: jesse - go to soc meeting
- ACTION: everyone - write slides for DP

## Digressions

total: 7
Gozz: 2
albert: 2
Lauren: 1
tom: 1
nick: 1

meeting closed: 3:33