# UWA PCS Committee Meeting Agenda 2019-04-01

Meeting Opened: 11:45

Present: Nick, Jesse, David, Lauren

Apologies: null

Absent: James

## President's report (Nick Pitchard)

- have been marking a ton of assignments
- is getting a third google interview next week
  - somehow is the biggest edge case
- is doing some things

## Vice Pres's report (Tom Hill Almeida)

- absent

## Treasurer's report (Jesse Zhou)

- still coming up with some theory for questions
- semester grants were submitted
  - coverage has changed between O-day and semester grants
- is still waiting for a response from SOC
- if there is no response we will appeal

## Secretary's report (David Adams)

- am still waiting to be told to book rooms
- have job interviews for things
- planning has gone to the hour
- should try speedrunning things

## Fresh Rep's report (Albert Smith)


## OCM's report (Lauren Gee)

- Have been marking
- is on top of PHD stuff
- is about to start running code
- paper has been accepted by a conference in fiji (YAY)
- have pestered people to do things in the chat

## OCM's report (Seamus Mulholland-Patterson)


## OCM's report (James)


## IPP report (Gozz)


## Events

- holiday was not run as too many things were on
  - should save for the end of the holidays to bring people back in for second semester
- There will be a small contest at UCC camp
  - tom will be dealing with this

## General Business

- James arcus wishes to resign as OCM
  - this is a student club and james is a valued member
  - we should be able to accommodate his needs
  - however should he resign we will need to nominate a replacement
  - an OGM may need to be called
- people have not been responding to the polls in slack this a problem
- room allocations are happening again for next semester
- its should be possible to get over the wine appreciation society's clubroom
  - we deserve a club room
- digial ocean needs a top up
  - nick can deal with this
- moving slides to bemur and redoing things should be done
- a course structure should be formalised
- stickers need to be get done soon before start of next semester
  

## Previous Action Items

- are ignored till official meeting

## Action Items

- ACTION: nick,jesse: top up digital ocean account
- ACTION: everyone to sort out stickers

## Digressions

Plenty of them from all in attendance

meeting closed: 12:10
