# UWA PCS Committee Meeting Agenda 2019-11-14

Meeting Opened: 12:22

Present: Nick, Seamus, Dadams, lauren, Jesse

Apologies: gozz, tom, zarah, albert

Absent:

## Events

- Regionals
  - Everything is all good for this
  - flights have been sorted and booked
  - Lauren is the most responsible out of the ppls so is doing things
  - team is practicing
- Un-Charity Vigil
  - We are in charge of a clubroom now so we are now involved
  - from informal poll we should also be involved
  - happening mid feb
- Tenancy Meeting (20-11, 6pm)
  - nick is in canda for the next few weeks on holiday, so he cannot go
  - this could be interesting - nick
  - literally everyone in attendance is going to be out of the state at this time
  
## General Business

- Clubroom
  - Still have not had room handed over (email sent to Taco already)
  - CBA is being annoying about giving us the room.
- Site billing
  - Currently hold $22.4US in credit. Consider adding more until election time
  - next meeting we should prepare till the next committee comes in
- Training plans
  - we want it to be top notch
  - need better organization as so far has been a bit hap hazard
  - syllabus need serious changes
  - cater to new people more
  - mini contest at the end of each session (reinforce that knowledge)
  - attention should be kept on keeping the members interested
  - ACTION: nick to put a syllabus thread in the github
- The book
  - Think about what to teach and in what order
  - Tom is doing things on this
- Online contests
  - we need to write more problems
- Handover
  - ACTION: nick - actually create this
  - people should find the time by the 31st of december to make handover documents
  - things like clearing the github of things
- Shirt re-imbursement
  - its a thing and it will happen
- Handing finance kit
- ACTION: Dadams do its big plan

## President's report

  - MARKING - finally finished with unit coordination
  - Holiday (desperately needed) 17-11 - 7-12
  - Emailed various entities about clubroom handover

## Vice Pres's report

## Treasurer's report (Jesse)

- has taken shirt payments
- has done someting with questions
- money has been handed over to nick
- Has done newsletter
- reimbursement for semester 2 grant
  - $537.11 application was sent

## Secretary's report (Dadams)

- Has done nothing
- survived the year

## Fresh Rep's report

## OCM's report (Lauren)

- is very behind in phd
- is practicing for regionals

## OCM's report (Seaumus)

- has been training

## OCM's report

## IPP report

## Previous Action Items

- ACTION: everyone - pay for shirts (Done)
- ACTION: everyone - write problems (Done)
- ACTION: Nic to make material for study festival (Done)
- ACTION: Nic to help with CITS3402 in study festival (Done)
- ACTION: Tom to help with CITS2002 in study festival (Done)
- ACTION: Lauren to help with CITS1001 in study festival (Done)
- ACTION: Tom to talk to UCC about using their Square reader (Done)
- ACTION: Nic to talk to DSC if they are okay with using UCCs account (Done)
- ACTION: Tom to head CITS3402 (Done)
- ACTION: Jesse to get a float out sometime (Done)
- ACTION: Everyone to list their attendance for the event in the Slack channel (Done)
- ACTION: Nic to add Wes to Slack channel (Done)
- ACTION: Zahra to give Nic github handle (Done)
- ACTION: Zahra to post about choir performance in Slack channel (Done)

## Action Items

- ACTION: nick to put a syllabus thread in the github
- ACTION: Nick - actually create handover documents
- ACTION: Dadams do its big plan

Meeting Closed: 1:10 pm

Digressions: 7
