# UWA PCS Committee Meeting Agenda 2019-03-11

Meeting Opened: 3:03 PM

Present: Tom, Nick, James, Jesse, Lauren, David, Seamus, Albert (3:05), Gozz (3:25) (FULL ATTENDANCE)

Apologies:  

Absent:

## President's report

- Has started training slides
- getting things "slowly up and running"
- general admin

## Vice Pres's report

- Got accidentally elected treasurer of UCC
- Albert appears at 3:05
- UCC is currently embroiled in controversy
- Is going to submit grants for UCC
- Digression (is happy here)
- "Please no one embezzle and money"
- Digital handover of digital ocean will go ahead when time permits

## Treasurer's report

- have contacted Mark about what needs to be done
- have gone over monies in the cash box
- Gozz is owed $100 for initial digital ocean subscription
- Action: Jesse - reimburse Gozz for digital ocean subscription
- potential to set up automatic accounting system through git hub
- Have contaced guild about treasureer trainng 3 times to no response
- Went in person to guild office and should be dealt with soon

## Secretary's report

- have worked out how to book rooms in various places
- still requires access to PCS email
- Action: Nick to send David the email information
- sent updated constitution to SOC at guild and has had no reply
- worked out how to use git hub system

## Fresh Rep's report - Lauren Gee

- Nothing to report
- loosing their freshness by the day (nick)

## OCM's report

- has been active on slack
- I like thinking its fun
- Is planning to put up a google calendar fo club and requires acess to email

## OCM's report - Seamus Mulholland-Patterson

- Nothing to report

## OCM's report James Arcus

- Has slack working on phone now
- Nothing to report

## IPP report

- No longer on committee
  - no longer have responsibilities which is yay
  - got volunteered for organising ANZAC first one shall be on the 23rd of march
- intro to programming will start next monday 18/03/2019
- someone besides me please do the intro to programming facebook stuff and what time is it
- shall we delay intro to programming to deal with longer committee meetings?
- Start of intro to programming may have to be delayed in future
- NEXT MONDAY 4-5:30 intro to programming will be run
- Action: David to book Cits1.24 for two hours for next week committee meeting and intro to programming

## Events

- This week and next weeks training
- Gozz shall deal with intro to programming with preferential start neet week
  - Resume help should be done week 5 of semester
  - 26th of March would be ideal date for resume help session
  - Action: Nick to get content, advertise and plans for the resume help workshop
- This weeks training is happening 12/03 with slides on the google drive and will be intro to contests
- There are no classes on tomorrow so having access to some of the lab
- Gozz galavants in at 3:25
  - "the only reliable thing about perth drivers is how bad they are"
- this weeks training's goal will to get people signed up and submitting questions
- next weeks training will be on complexity analysis (week 4 of semester)
  - add resumes to one of the training and "yelling at people to apply for google" (should be this week)
- Action: Nick to add resumes into the slides for this week's training
- EMP's should be done for all events if possible
- Action: Jesse to do some EMP's for general events
- ANZAC round one should be considered one of the events

## General Business

- Weekly meeting time of 3pm mondays is accepted and agreed upon
- first programming contest on our site should be run on the site the week after ANZAC
- problems should be old problems to not burn new ones on new people
- Action: Tom to oganize the first contest on the PCS site the week of the 25
- lifetime membership of the club: Tim French, Max ward
  - Max should put back in the channel
  - potenial of a separate chat channel for such members to keep things separate
  - committee/ committee-only chat proposed
  - Gozz motions: for their longstanding contributions to the club that Max Ward and Tim French be added as lifetime members of PCS
  - Vote passes unanimously no abstentions
  - Action: nick to add both Max and Tim back to committee slack channel
- SOC meeting this week who can go?
  - Tom has voluenteered to be PCS representative
- Executive training: David did it last year so we are all good
- Jeremaiah from CFC has asked to spruke their events
  - suggested that we do a one off promotion for their AGM
- Action: Nick to do have the cross promotion done for CFC
- Action: EVERYONE - write problems and give them to Tom, please give indication how how you wish it to be solved
- Action: EVERONE - let nick know about his slides

## Previous Action Items

- None available currently

## Action Items

- Training Session Action Items:
  - Action: Nick to get content, advertise and plans for the resume help workshop
  - Action: David to book Cits1.24 for two hours for next week committee meeting and intro to programming
  - Action: Nick to add resumes into the slides for this week's training
- Short Term Action Items:
  - Action: Nick to do have the cross promotion done for CFC
  - Action: nick to add both Max and Tim back to committee slack channel
  - Action: Nick to send David the email information
  - Action: Jesse to do some EMP's for general events
  - Action: Jesse - reimburse Gozz for digital ocean subscription
- Ongoing/Long Term Action Items:
  - Action: EVERYONE - write problems and give them to Tom, please give indication how how you wish it to be solved
  - Action: EVERYONE - let nick know about his slides

Meeting Closed: 3:52
