# UWA PCS Committee Meeting Agenda 2019-09-17

Meeting Opened: 2:11 PM

Present: Nick, Tom, Jesse, David, Zahra, Lauren

Apologies:

Absent: Gozz, Seamus, albert

## Events

- Training
  - Gozz ran Computational Geometry
    - Very poor attendance (2-3 people)
  - 2nd years are our biggest audience so 2002 is taking a lot of things out of us

- TWWWKE
  - Gozz ran Programming Paradigms
    - Very poor attendance (2-3 people)

- ICPC
  - divisionals this weekend
  - still 5 people looking for a team

- Unigames Game Theory Collab?
  - Get people to play the actual games using the game theory strategy
  - would be a social even that we could run this year as we are nearly at the end of our content
  - need to speak to unigames (most likely Gozz and Dadams)

- CITS1401 Study night (DSC Collab)
  - we need to provide the help
  - they are looking for 5 people
  - maximum of 40 people

- CITS1402 Study night (DSC Collab)
  - we also need to have people for this
  - polls have been put in the committee chat

- Study Festival
  - Zahra went to the meeting
  - was just data sci and us there (no UCC)
  - UEC would like to join us but they cannot really contribute
    - they can market but that is it
  - Data science want to make a goodie bag for their memebers
  - ACTION: Nick- make channel in the slack for us to discuss the Study Festival
  - 1-6pm and they are trying to lock off a whole floor if not they will book out the study booths
  - There will be only 1 facebook/eventbright but we need to make our own poster
  - Will go live after the midsemester break
  - once we know what units we can do DSC will contact the lecturers

- Charity Vigil
  - Pirzes for last year came to a total of $60
  - Gozz moves that we budget $120 as a generous amount for Charity Vigil prizes Tom seconds
    - passes unanimously
    - ACTION: NIck - make channel to discuss charity vigil prizes

## General Business

- Shirt order budget for $300
  - $240 in orders, excess for shipping for simplicity's sake
  - Nick motions to budget this amount
    - passes unanimously
    - ACTION: Nick - follow through with shirt orders
- SKATING SOCIAL WHEN?
  - ACTION: Dadams - investigate for after study break

## Previous Action Items

- ACTION: Nic to prepare comp-geom banner and event (done)
- ACTION: Nic to poke Gozz and Lauren to prepare (done)
- ACTION: Gozz to prepare programming paradigms presentation (done)
- ACTION: Nic to prepare banner and event for Programming paradigms (done)
- ACTION: Nic to alert Tim to the teams (ongoing)
- ACTION: Jesse to include charity vigil in next newsletter (done)
- ACTION: Nic, Gozz and Jesse to sort out $10 for charity vigil (done)
- ACTION: Everyone to think about prize ideas (Ongoing)
- ACTION: Everyone to think about charity vigil events to run during the evening (Ongoing)
- ACTION: Jesse to re-imburse Nic for $154.42 (done)
- ACTION: Nic to chase up shirt orders when over ()
- ACTION: Zahra to make a shirt order (done)
- ACTION: everyone to contribute to the clubroom application (done)
- ACTION: Nic to attend Soc Meeting (11/9) (done)
- ACTION: Nic to share an FB event if they have one or a poster (done)
- Training Session Action Items: 
  - ACTION: Dadams - look at number theory and combinatorics (ongoing)
- Short Term Action Items:
  - ACTION: Nic - make facebook post for charity vigil (done)
  - ACTION: Nic - make the social media posts for the crash the lab session (Cancelled)
  - ACTION: nic - finalize the numbers (done)
- Ongoing/Long Term Action Items:
  - ACTION: Dadams - organize the new meeting things (done)

## President's report (Nick Pitchard)

- Ran away to Melbourne
- Usual FB event postings
- Attended SOC meeting
- Prepare clubroom application
- Confirmed shirt orders

## Vice Pres's report (Tom Hill Almeida)

- Attended SOC for UCC
- has become a guild hack
- still working on the book
- thank you taylor
- actual format for sharing information can be determined later
- Have been working with Gozz on the Secret git stuff

## Treasurer's report (Jesse Zhou)

- Has done Reimbursement for people
- re-wrote the last few slides for the trees presentation
- has done newsletter and charity vigil

## Secretary's report

- Have started looking at slides and preparing content
- will be rigorously linting our markdown now because it was a mistake to install markdownlint
- writing a research proposal for multiple faculties seems good
- is very stressed as overwrote windows install with linux
  - proceeded to fully commit and am using arch for my first linux distro because lol why not
  - pls help. 3402
- put up fb and slack events for the study nights as seen earlier

## Fresh Rep's report (Albert Smith)

## OCM's report (Lauren Gee)

- Has been doing a lot of contest practice
- turned up to training
- has been helping organise teams for ICPC

## OCM's report (Zahra Ussi)

- Went to data sci sub-committee meeting
- had major projects due and has to redo one of them

## OCM's report (Seamus Mulholland-Patterson)

## IPP report (Gozz)

- Ran Tuesday and Wednesday sessions
  - Both had very poor attendance (2-3 people)
    - I blame assessments
    - 12 week semesters may be pushing more assessments to around study break

## Action Items

- ACTION: Nick- make channel in the slack for us to discuss the Study Festival
- ACTION: Nick - follow through with shirt orders
- ACTION: Dadams - investigate for after study break
- ACTION: Nick - make channel to discuss charity vigil prizes
- ACTION: Tom - make slides for latex

Meeting Closed: 2:54

Digressions: 4
