# UWA PCS Committee Meeting Agenda 2019-07-18

Meeting Opened: 11:20am
Present: Nic, Jesse, Gozz, Zahra (bonus), Lauren, James
Apologies: David, Albert, Tom, Seamus, Albert
Absent:

## President's report (Nic)
  - Doing lots of GitHub things
  - Proposal (MPhil) progressing
  - Topped-up DO
  
## Vice President's report (Tom Hill Almeida)
N/A

## Treasurer's report (Jesse Zhou)
  - Treasure still in-tact
  - Got $475.74 re-imbursed for semester grants (including GST)
  - Doing EMPs 
  - Writing a very hard problem

## Secretary's report (David Adams)
N/A  

## Fresher Rep's report (Albert Smith)
N/A
  
## OCM's report (Lauren Gee)
  - Had a look at unit timetables (fussy website)
  - Had an idea for practical programming title 
  - Thinking about submitting a task for Professional Computing

## OCM's report (Seamus Mulholland-Patterson)
N/A
  
## OCM's report (James Arcus)
  - Not much has changed
  - Still happy to resign
  - Has new car (not paid for by club)

## IPP report (Gozz)
  - Plodding along, not much club related
  - Working slowly on new site setup (promising)
  - Revised intro to programming slides
    - Changing away from 'Hello World' - it's a bad example
  - Has schemes

## Events
  - Intro to Semester
    - Room booking
    - EMP
    - Poster
    - FB post 
    - Into the newsletter
  - Lecture bashing
    - Find times ACTION: Lauren to find lecture time
  - Club Carnival
    - Signup needs to happen
    - Tues week 2
    - ACTION: Nic to look into Guild graphic design 

## General Business
  - Semester 2 Meeting time
    - Decide on whenisgood - ACTION: Nic to whenisgood semester 2 meeting times
    - Book room - ACTION: David to book meeting room time
  - Newsletter 
    - Appoint manager - Nic to manage
    - Draft Wed next week (24-07) ACTION: Jesse, Zahra and Nic to produce first newsletter draft
  - Room bookings update
    - Training - Dadams has them in the woodworks
    - Contests - Dadams has them in the woodworks
  - Merchandise
    - Sticker design vote
      - Long UCC size for Logo with year
      - Larger laptop size for Logo
      - Both dark, white and transparent (if they do it)
      - ACTION: Nic to check uniprint
      - ACTION: Nic to order stickers for club carnival
    - Shirts
      - Grey with banner (all time)
      - Grey with chest pocket (all time)
      - Some colour with year (yearly)
      - ACTION: Nic get shirt order form
  - Replacing James with Zahra
    - Gozz motions to accept James' resignation and replace him with Zahra as per sec. 5.5a
      - Passes unanimously
      - Gozz notes that by 5.5a(i) this appointment needs to be reviewed at the next general meeting. Simple majority vote will suffice  
    - ACTION: Nic to add Zahra to Slack, Github etc. 
  - Allocating some training sessions
    - Basic tree algorithms - ACTION: Jesse
    - Ranges - ACTION: Albert 
  - Re-imbursement for DO:
    - Jesse motions to re-imburse $149.94AUD for $100USD credits
    - passes, 3 for, 1 abstain

### General Admin
  - Book another meeting two weeks from now
  - ACTION: Nic to prepare WhenisGood for next meeting

## Previous Action Items
  - ACTION: Jesse to re-imburse Nic for $74.40 AUD - Done 
  - ACTION: Jesse to prepare and submit EMPs for training session room bookings - In progress 
  - ACTION: David to book rooms (any two 4pm slots aside from Friday) - Pending CSSE
  - ACTION: All to change the name to something suitable for all students - Done
  - ACTION: All to agree on a standard shirt design - Done 
  - ACTION: Nic to prepare template for handover document in Google Drive
  - ACTION: Nic to top-up Digital Ocean again if necessary - Done 
  - ACTION: Nic to set deadlines for allocated topics - Done
  - ACTION: Nic to design stickers
  - ACTION: Nic to find a source for stickers - Done (by Gozz)
  - ACTION: Nic to create newsletter template - In progress
  - ACTION: Nic to prepare WhenisGood for next meeting - Done

## Action Items
  - ACTION: Lauren to find lecture time
  - ACTION: Nic to look into Guild graphic design
  - ACTION: Nic to whenisgood semester 2 meeting times
  - ACTION: David to book meeting room time 
  - ACTION: Jesse, Zahra and Nic to produce first newsletter draft
  - ACTION: Nic to check uniprint
  - ACTION: Nic to order stickers for club carnival
  - ACTION: Nic get shirt order form
  - ACTION: Nic to add Zahra to Slack, Github etc. 
  - ACTION: Jesse to prepare basic tree algorithms
  - ACTION: Albert to prepare ranges slides
  - ACTION: Nic to prepare WhenisGood for next meeting

Meeting Closed: 12:10pm   
