# UWA PCS Committee Meeting Agenda 2019-08-20
Meeting Opened: 2:10

Present: Nic, Jesse, Lauren, David, Tom, albert (2:31)

Apologies: Gozz, Seamus, Zahra

## President's report

- reached out to all cs clubs promoting study night
- booked some rooms
- met with the data sscience people
- started to work with guld posters
- did some facebook things

## Vice Pres's report
  
- am alive more so than firday
- spent some time brainstorming ideas for autocrat with Gozz
- re wrote the ucc website
- looked at what gozz did to set up the site and should be able to replicate
- needs to get gitcrypt keys
- BOUGHT WHITEBOARD MARKERS

## Treasurer's report

- money has not been touched
- apparently just our name was stuffed up in the grant breakdown
- EMPs have been done for study night
- newsletter has been sent out
- trees slides have been finished
- will be reimbursing stickers

## Secretary's report
  
- have booked room for study night
- am meeting with women's dept about collaboration event

## Fresh Rep's report

(looks very very tired)

- "I have been somewhere between asleep and looking for this room for the past half hour"
- helped prepare slides
- went to max meeting
- need to talk to the freshers

## OCM's report (Seamus)

- N/A

## OCM's report (Lauren)

- has had a lot of actual work to do
- will be in fiji next week yay!

## OCM's report (Zahra)

- N/A

## IPP report

- N/A

## Events

- training this week's slides have been done
- ranges will be next week and albert will be covering
- things we wish we knew unless gozz is sick
  - nick and jesse could run in the even gozz cannot make it
- ANZAC 5 will be this weekend
  - ACTION: nick - post about the slightly different time
- 2002 study night
  - still waiting for poster approval
  - ucc has their own event up
  - material needs to be organised for this
  - ACTION: - dadams - write up some content on C
- ISCPC divisionals is soon

## General Business
  
- had a discussion with data science about further study nights
  - are very very goood people 
  - have a whole bunch of stuff planned and in the works
  - having a CITS1401 on 23rd of september
    - they are happy to deal with event stuff
    - we provide brains and content
  - having a CITS1402 study night as well
    - we can help with this one as well
  - they get a lot of interest from 1st years and EMS
  - have a single study night run by students
  - how to attend a hackathon event idea
- tom should talk to Data sci and Makers
- how do we make a competition sound non threatening
- like maths union does their study guid all the clubs should collaborate on making a how to CS guide
  - open source the content on git hub
- we can customise the slack page
  - feel free to do whatever
- shirt order should be done in two weeks
  - keep sprooking it
- facebook has been doing some weird things with reccuring events
  - we should keep the events separate
  - FB has an api we can put this in autocrat
- designated social officer?
- should we change our password
  - it has been a while and its bad practice 
  - nick motions to go through and change the gmail password, Tom seconds
    - passes unanimously
    - admin password for accounts will also be reset
    - this functionality should be implemented in autocrat
    - digital ocean will also be changed
- is it worth us opening a banck account
  - this could make Digital ocean much more easy
  - would need two exect to make things
  - will be very similar to the UCC account

## Previous Action Items

- Training Session Action Items:
  - ACTION: Seamus to handle Suffix arrays, LCP table and range queries (ongoing)
- Short Term Action Items:
   - ACTION: Dadams to book 2.03 for 26/08 (done)
   - ACTION: Jesse to complete EMP for 26/08 Small event, study night (done)
   - ACTION: Nic to reach out to other clubs for promotion (done)
   - ACTION: Nic to prepare a physical poster for the club (done)
   - ACTION: Nic to prepare a digital banner/event (done)
   - ACTION: Jesse to do EMP for CITS1401 Study night (done)
   - ACTION: Nic to reach out to other clubs for collaboration on 1401 study night (done)
   - ACTION: Nic to ask the entire committee if we want to change the password (done)
   - ACTION: Nic to update pinned post in FB group (done)
   - ACTION: Nic to get feedback from group on physical poster (done)
   - ACTION: Nic to approve final draft of poster with Guild (onging)
   - ACTION: Nic to print poster and hang up around the place (pending)
   - ACTION: Gozz to dig-up old clubroom application (ongoing)
   - ACTION: Nic to book next meetings in EZONE (done)
- Ongoing/Long Term Action Items:
   - ACTION: nick - announce digital contest 27th till the 4th (ongoing)
   - ACTION: albert - send out emails to new members (ungoing)
  
## Action Items 

- ACTION: nick - post about the slightly different time
- ACTION: dadams - write up some content on C
- ACTION: tom - change the passwords (digal ocean, DMOJ)
- ACTION: nick- change other passwords (everything else)
- ACTION: everyone - write a clubroom application

Meeting Closed: 2:49

Digressions: 11
