# UWA PCS Committee Meeting Agenda 2019-09-03

Meeting Opened: 15:06

Present: Nic, Zahra, Albert, Jesse, Seamus, Gozz(15:14)

Apologies: Tom, Lauren, David

## President's report
  - Had posters approved and hung up
  - Starting to organise mega-study sub-committees
  - The usual adminsitrative events and such
  - Started drafting a clubroom application

## Vice Pres's report
  - N/A

## Treasurer's report
  - May edit tree slides 
  - Competed in online comp

## Secretary's report
  - N/A

## Fresh Rep's report
  - Wrotes slides during the meeting
  - Presented the slides (went well all things considered)
  - Watch stopped working

## OCM's report (Seamus)
  - Somewhat prepared slides for Suffix Arrays, LCP tables and such
  - Yet to do the contest 

## OCM's report (Lauren)
  - N/A

## OCM's report (Zahra) 
  - Attended intro-prog last session
  - Passed driving test
  - Have been talking up intro-prog sessions
  - Helping with study-session whenisgood

## IPP report
  - Enters at 15:14

## Events
  - Training
    - Suffix arrays and LCP tables this week (Seamus somewhat preparing)
    - Computation Geometry next week
      - ACTION: Nic to prepare comp-geom banner and event
      - ACTION: Nic to poke Gozz and Lauren to prepare
  - TWWWK
    - Tom and Nic this week (Intro to Git)
    - Next week: Programming paradigms
      - ACTION: Gozz to prepare programming paradigms presentation
      - ACTION: Nic to prepare banner and event for Programming paradigms
  - NZPC this Saturday
  - ICPC Divisionals
    - ACTION: Nic to alert Tim to the teams
  - Charity vigil
    - 28th/29th September
    - ACTION: Jesse to include charity vigil in next newsletter
    - We are on the sub-committees
      - Gozz and Nic at the moment
    - Chosen Charity: Guild Food Pantry
      - Provides essentials for down on their luck students
    - Prefer monetary donations but *will* take direct food donations
    - Encouraging charity events to include more donations (e.g. Unigames paying for re-rolls and bribes and such with food)
    - PCS, Unigames, Unisfa and UCC
    - $40 budgeted for misc. expenses 
    - Gozz motions to vote in the UCC sub-committee regulations
      - https://github.com/gozzarda/subcommittee_regulations
      - Passes unanimously with one abstention 
      - Albert: "I don't want to adopt anyone"
    - Gozz motions to be involved with charity vigil Nic seconds
      - Passes unanimously with one abstention (Albert)
    - Finding reps
      - Gozz motions to nominate nominates Nic and Gozz to be sub-committee representatives
      - Passes unanimously
    - Gozz motions that we budget $10 to charity vigil
      - Passes unanimously
      - ACTION: Nic, Gozz and Jesse to sort out $10 for charity vigil
    - Part of this is the donation of raffle prizes 
      - Google merch is an obvious start (but we did that last year)
      - Last year was humble bundle stores
      - This year we could look at a rasberri Pi or something
      - ACTION: Everyone to think about prize ideas
    - ACTION: Everyone to think about charity vigil events to run during the evening
      - We thought about debates and rants on technical topics

## General Business
  - Topping up DO
    - Gozz motions for budgeting DO top up for $160 AUD and that Nic pays it
    - Zahra seconds
    - Passes unanimously (ish)
    - Nic Abstains
    - ACTION: Jesse to re-imburse Nic for $154.42
  - There are some errors happening with the site 
    - Gozz and probably Tom will look into this
  - Shirt ordering
    - One week left
    - ACTION: Nic to chase up shirt orders when over
    - ACTION: Zahra to make a shirt order
  - Hanging up spare posters
    - We have some spare posters
    - We can and will hang them up in CS and Cameron Hall
  - CS study guide
    - Tom has made github repo for this 
  - Clubroom application
    - Currently being drafted
    - ACTION: everyone to contribute to the clubroom application
  - SOC Meeting next week
    - ACTION: Nic to attend Soc Meeting (11/9)
    - Thank Jesse for attending many of these
  - Industry Evening (Jess)
    - We have had emails
    - ACTION: Nic to share an FB event if they have one or a poster 
  - Gozz mentions DO have pre-built bit-warden images for self-hosted secret storing but they will cost an additional $5US (approx. $10AU) per month. 

## Previous Action Items

  - ACTION: Nic to chase up next weeks slides (done)
  - ACTION: Tom to prepare LaTex slides (ongoing)
  - ACTION: Nic to connect with Maths Union (ongoing)
  - ACTION: Nic to make an ANZAC 6 event (done)
  - ACTION: Jesse to refund Tim (ongoing)
  - ACTION: Tom to setup repo for CS study guide (done)
  - ACITON: Nic to post on social media about shirts (ongoing)
  - ACTION: Everyone to order a shirt (if they want)
  - ACTION: Jesse to include final shirt order in newsletter (done)
  - ACTION: nick- change other passwords (everything else) (ongoing)
  - ACTION: everyone - write a clubroom application (ongoing)

  - Training Session Action Items:
    - ACTION: Seamus to handle Suffix arrays, LCP table and range queries (done)
  - Short Term Action Items:

  - Ongoing/Long Term Action Items:
   - ACTION: albert - send out emails to new members (ongoing)
  
## Action Items 
  - ACTION: Nic to prepare comp-geom banner and event
  - ACTION: Nic to poke Gozz and Lauren to prepare
  - ACTION: Gozz to prepare programming paradigms presentation
  - ACTION: Nic to prepare banner and event for Programming paradigms
  - ACTION: Nic to alert Tim to the teams
  - ACTION: Jesse to include charity vigil in next newsletter
  - ACTION: Nic, Gozz and Jesse to sort out $10 for charity vigil
  - ACTION: Everyone to think about prize ideas
  - ACTION: Everyone to think about charity vigil events to run during the evening
  - ACTION: Jesse to re-imburse Nic for $154.42
  - ACTION: Nic to chase up shirt orders when over
  - ACTION: Zahra to make a shirt order
  - ACTION: everyone to contribute to the clubroom application
  - ACTION: Nic to attend Soc Meeting (11/9)
  - ACTION: Nic to share an FB event if they have one or a poster 

Meeting Closed: 15:48

Digressions: 4
