# UWA PCS Committee Meeting Agenda 2020-07-31
## Opening
*Meeting Opened: *

Present:

Apologies:

Absent:

## President's report

## Vice Pres's report

## Treasurer's report

## Secretary's report

## Fresh Rep's report

## OCM's report

## OCM's report

## OCM's report (Alden)
- Working on writing a problem for the introductory contest,
  - I am aiming for a problem to describe how to convert big O time complexities and input size limits into maximum runtime
  - I do not expect the problem to replace an explanation of how to make a conversion and a relevant assumptions,
    - but the problem should be a decent check on whether problem solvers understand what the input size and time limit imply
  - Hopefully this problem with the problem A+B will check that no one is missing any of a typical problem set's assumptions
  - Would be happy to hear whether there is any more assumed knowledge other than standard I/O and input size to time limit
  
- I have an idea problem for Friday Challenge Week 3, checking its time complexity and implementation difficulty at the moment

- If we are having in person training sessions, I would recommend booking a venue with capacity for about 200 people for social distancing,
  - As far as I can tell, WA has a similar hotel quarantine system that Victoria had before Victoria experienced an outbreak in part from hotel quarantine breaches
    - Will be very relieved to hear otherwise
    
## IPP report

## Events

## General Business

## Previous Action Items
- ACTION: Everyone - Prepare semester 2 content
- ACTION: Have sysadmin modify the landing page
- ACTION: Ryan to pink slip UCC for $35
- ACTION: Ryan to pink slip Nic for $100 (Services)
- ACTION: Nic/Tom/Everyone to work on the book
- ACTION: Nic to update PCS email footer (30/6)
- ACTION: Nic to email unit coordinators for input on bashing
- ACTION: Nic to write the first problem for week 1
- ACTION: Nic to top up by $100 USD
- ACTION: Nic/Zahra to write Discord blurb for first newsletter (24/7)
- ACTION: Zahra to update Facebook group with new Discord information (24/7)
- ACTION: Zahra to prepare the first newsletter for the 24th of July
- ACTION: Gozz to write the regulations
- ACTION: Alden to find what units are running when next semester
- ACTION: Seamus to be in charge of the first contest
- ACTION: Seamus/Nic/Alden/Tom/Dadams to discuss training in detail
- ACTION: Tom to make this circular so we can actually approve it
  - Done by Nic
- ACTION: Tom to make a channel in Discord for contest prep
  - Done by Nic
- ACTION: Tom to cleanup pinned posts (24/7)
- ACTION: Tom to Update PCS site with new Discord info (24/7)
  - Done
- ACTION: Tom to wind down Slack (24/7)
- ACTION: Tom to put the current action items on github

## Action Items

## Postmortem
*Meeting Closed: *
###  Digressions:
