# UWA PCS Committee Meeting Agenda 2020-05-19
## Opening
*Meeting Opened: 16:03*

Present:
- Tom
- Nic
- Dadams
- Alden
- Zahra
- Seamus

Apologies:
- Gozz

Absent:
- Ryan
- Jordan

## President's report
- 'Wrote' nine problems for Charity UnContest
- Generally pre-occupied with that to be honest

## Vice Pres's report
- Helped with presenting strings with Dadams
- Finished problem for Charity Unvigil
- We forgot to spruik the Charity Unvigil at the end of training
- Started making a codebook for algorithms
    - Based off something Gozz said a while ago
    - When training for world finals, to ensure the same code use checksums

## Treasurer's report
Not here

## Secretary's report
- Helped with the competition
    - Did testing
    - Answered questions in Discord
- Changed to a 40% keyboard for the memes
    - Actually really nice as long as I'm not playing CSGO
- Still haven't had the time to do anything with putting action items on GitHub

## Fresh Rep's report
Absent

## OCM's report (Alden)
- Wrote a problem for Charity Unvigil
    - Almost everyone got it, which is good
- Attended last week's session
- Working on a lit. review

## OCM's report (Dadams)
- Presented strings with Seamus
- Been under the pump for the last three weeks
- Didn't end up writing a problem for Charity Unvigil

## OCM's report (Zahra)
Nothing to report

## IPP report
Absent

## Events
- Nic: Charity UnVigil
    - Event itself was fantastic
    - Raised $1603, which is pretty cool
    - PCS contribution was minimal
        - We did non-monetary things very well though
    - Contest was interesting and convinced people to come back
    - Maybe we should consider doing 30 days of code or something?
        - Alden: 1 problem a day for a week might be a good trial run?
    - Final wrap up meeting is the afternoon of 2020-05-20
- Nic: Focussing on the core of the club
    - We got a bit excited about running study nights and getting a clubroom
    - We should make sure that we focus on the core of the club - contests and
    training
- Nic: Training
    - Went very well last week, co-presenters worked well
    - Seamus: Next week is Trees 2
        - There will be algorithms presented with problems that they solve
        - Helps with the intuition of why they need to exist and how to use
        them
    - We need to mention that we'll be taking a break for this week
        - ACTION: Nic to tell people that we're taking a break this week

## General Business
- Nic: Moving to Discord
    - Suggests we impose a 'hard' move date from Slack if we want to commit.
        - Would be hard to manage all of Slack, FB and Discord
    - Alden: people might be preparing for exams, which makes things difficult
    towards the end of May
    - Dadams: getting Tim/Max onto Discord
        - Nic: shouldn't be too much of an issue
    - Nic: motion to decommission Slack on June 21
        - Would include swapping links from Slack to Discord
        - Seamus seconds
        - 5:0:1, motion passes
    - ACTION: Tom/Nic/Seamus to sort out the move to Discord
        - Send out emails
        - Archive everything in Slack
        - Set up bots, etc.
- Nic: We should consider having another contest over move to Discord
    - Alden: has several problem ideas
    - ACTION: Nic to make a channel in Discord for contest prep

## Previous Action Items
- ACTION: Ryan to pink slip UCC for $35 (fine)
    - Ongoing
- ACTION: Ryan to pink slip Nic for $100 (Services)
    - Ongoing
- ACTION: Nic/Ryan to organise content for Charity Vigil
    - Done
- ACTION: Nic/Zahra to put out some advanced notice about future training
sessions
    - Ongoing
- ACTION: Nic/Tom/Everyone to work on the book
    - Ongoing
- ACTION: Have sysadmin modify the landing page
    - Ongoing
- ACTION: Gozz to write the regulations
    - Ongoing
- ACTION: Gozz to help Nic make sure the contest is set up correctly
    - Done
- ACTION: Tom to actually put the actions on GitHub
    - Ongoing
- ACTION: Tom to setup Discord
    - Ongoing

## Action Items
- ACTION: Ryan to pink slip UCC for $35 (fine)
- ACTION: Ryan to pink slip Nic for $100 (Services)
- ACTION: Nic/Zahra to put out some advanced notice about future training
sessions
- ACTION: Nic/Tom/Everyone to work on the book
- ACTION: Have sysadmin modify the landing page
- ACTION: Gozz to write the regulations
- ACTION: Tom to actually put the actions on GitHub
- ACTION: Tom to setup Discord
- ACTION: Nic to tell people that we're taking a break this week
- ACTION: Nic to make a channel in Discord for contest prep
- ACTION: Tom/Nic/Seamus to sort out the move to Discord

## Postmortem
*Meeting Closed: 16:38*
###  Digressions: 1
- Dadams: Break in on campus
    - 3D printers have been stolen
