# UWA PCS Committee Meeting Agenda 2020-07-14
## Opening
*Meeting Opened: 16:12*

Present:
- Alden
- Nic
- Tom
- Seamus

Apologies:
- No-one

Absent:
- Ryan
- Dadams
- Zahra
- Jordan
- Gozz

- Not enough people for quorum, but we're gonna have an informal minuted meeting anyway

## President's report
- RE:Club, thinking about planning
- Trying to keep on top of what Tenancy x SOC are doing (very confusing, very frustrating)
  - Meeting should be very entertaining

## Vice Pres's report
- Have been working mostly
- Have been doing CodeForces competitions and thinking about the coming semester

## Treasurer's report
- Absent

## Secretary's report
- Been working a lot on my research project
- Planning on taking a look at getting a bot set up for the Discord next week
- Marked a lot of projects for CITS2200
  - Though not as many as Gozz
- Trying to be a tutor again next semester
- Will be overloading again next semester
- New mic!
- New monitor stand

## Fresh Rep's report
- Absent

## OCM's report (Alden)
- Lots of time going into research project
- Does have problem ideas, but a lack of time

## OCM's report
- Absent

## OCM's report
- Absent

## IPP report
- Absent

## Events
- No events between now and the next meeting

## General Business
- Nic: Discord Migration
  - NIC: Goal: Hit semester two fully integrated in Discord
  - 'Officially' winding down committee communication over Slack
- Nic: Fresher Intro
  - Unsure how to replace lecture bashing 
  - Important since lecture bashing is our most effective recruitment strategy by far
  - Tom: Maybe we do "workshop" bashing instead?
    - It's a lot harder to sell it when DSA isn't on
  - ACTION: Alden to find what units are running when next semester
    - And what things are worth lecture bashing
  - ACTION: Nic to email unit coordinators for input on bashing
    - e.g. link to sites
  - Having the basics of the book done would be great
    - Sort of running out of time though and people are busy
- Nic: Contests
  - We should run ranked contests this semester
  - Consider Weeks 2, 6 and maybe the study break
  - Hash together a nice unranked contest for week 2
  - People will be quite over-subscribed
  - ACTION: Seamus to be in charge of the first contest
- Nic: Friday Challenge
  - An idea originally given by Ryan 
  - Similar to "30 days of code" by HackerRank and others
  - Release one problem at a consistent time each week
  - May catch students that don't want to compete but still want to be involved
  - Alden: This should be put up on the club whiteboard
  - This can be done on a rolling basis
  - Quite easy to queue things up for the whole semester
  - ACTION: Nic to write the first problem for week 1
- Nic: Newsletters
  - For this semester they should be fortnightly and planned in advance 
  - Should be properly scheduled
  - ACTION: Zahra to prepare the first one for the 24th of July
  - If anyone has an event, or has worked on a contest, etc. let Zahra know so it can go in the newsletter
- Nic: Training
  - Pruned the training doc a bit
  - Having trouble deciding what we should present
  - We could maybe balance things a bit better
  - What do we do for introductory content?
  - How do we balance new things?
  - ACTION: Tom to make a content prep channel in Discord
  - ACTION: Seamus/Nic/Alden/Tom/Dadams to discuss training in detail
- Tom: Running out of money in DigitalOcean
  - We're currently at ~-$7 USD
  - Needs a top up ASAP
  - ACTION: Nic to top up by $100 USD
  - ACTION: Tom to make this circular so we can actually approve it
- Tim Chapman (UCC):
  - There is now a UWA Tech Club joint discord, don't leave poor Tom there by himself - he'll get lonely
  - A joint tech club quiz night has been proposed, what are your thoughts?
    - Nic: Initial impression is not at the moment
      - In person events are still a little risky
      - If all of the other tech clubs get involved, then its probably fine
      - We've signed the subcommittee regulations anyway
    - There is general agreement with Nic

## Previous Action Items
- ACTION: Everyone - Prepare semester 2 content
  - Ongoing
- ACTION: Tom to put the current action items on github
  - Ongoing
- ACTION: Ryan to pink slip UCC for $35
  - Ongoing
- ACTION: Ryan to pink slip Nic for $100 (Services)
  - Ongoing
- ACTION: Nic/Tom/Everyone to work on the book
  - Ongoing
- ACTION: Have sysadmin modify the landing page
  - Ongoing
- ACTION: Gozz to write the regulations
  - Ongoing
- ACTION: Tom to make a channel in Discord for contest prep
  - Ongoing
- ACTION: Nic to send email
  - Done
- ACTION: Nic to organise a holiday contest
  - Failed
- ACTION: Nic to check reorganising topics
  - Ongoing/Done
- ACTION: Nic to send email reply to UCC about collaboration
  - Probably done

## Action Items
- ACTION: Everyone - Prepare semester 2 content
- ACTION: Have sysadmin modify the landing page
- ACTION: Ryan to pink slip UCC for $35
- ACTION: Ryan to pink slip Nic for $100 (Services)
- ACTION: Nic/Tom/Everyone to work on the book
- ACTION: Nic to update PCS email footer (30/6)
- ACTION: Nic to email unit coordinators for input on bashing
- ACTION: Nic to write the first problem for week 1
- ACTION: Nic to top up by $100 USD
- ACTION: Nic/Zahra to write Discord blurb for first newsletter (24/7)
- ACTION: Zahra to update Facebook group with new Discord information (24/7)
- ACTION: Zahra to prepare the first newsletter for the 24th of July
- ACTION: Gozz to write the regulations
- ACTION: Alden to find what units are running when next semester
- ACTION: Seamus to be in charge of the first contest
- ACTION: Seamus/Nic/Alden/Tom/Dadams to discuss training in detail
- ACTION: Tom to make this circular so we can actually approve it
- ACTION: Tom to make a channel in Discord for contest prep
- ACTION: Tom to cleanup pinned posts (24/7)
- ACTION: Tom to Update PCS site with new Discord info (24/7)
- ACTION: Tom to wind down Slack (24/7)
- ACTION: Tom to make a content prep channel in Discord
- ACTION: Tom to put the current action items on github

## Postmortem
*Meeting Closed: 16:42*
###  Digressions: 2
- We are the "research" club (7/9)
  - Tom is doing research
  - Nic is doing research
  - Alden is doing research
  - Gozz is doing research
  - Ryan is doing research
  - Dadams is doing research
  - Seamus is (probably) doing research
- Tom starts singing during the action items
  - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lmhkqI6tmdc
  - Tippett is amazing
