# UWA PCS Committee Meeting Agenda 2020-03-10
Meeting Opened: 

Present:

Apologies: 

Absent: 

## Events
  - O-Day
    - Rather successful 
  - Fresher Welcome
    - Record turnout
    - Record pizza run
    - Nic proposes motion to re-imburse Dadams $162 for pizza
    - Lecture bashing was by far the most successful method of attracting members 
  - Club Carnival
    - Minor success 
    - Did creep up on us (apologies from Nic)
  - AGM
    - Was a success, we have a new committee
  - Training Sessions
    - Syllabus discussion continuing needs to solidify sooner rather than later
    - EMPs need submitting for the remainder of semester 
    - Room bookings also need to change to a new venue
      - EZONE teaching rooms allegedly a good option
      - Wilsmore or Tattersall is also very central
      - Woolnough is also a decent venue not far from CS 
    - Promotion needs to be handled consistently
  - Google at UWA
    - Occuring after our Wednesday training session
    - Promoted in events email 
    - Consider promoting in separate posts 
  - Things we wished we knew
    - Consider changing name
    - EMPs need submitting for remainder of semester
    - Room bookings also changing (see above)
    - Topic discussion also imperative
  - ANZAC Contest
    - ANZAC around 21/3
    - Need more details from Tim
    - Should be tailored towards newcomers
    - EMPs
    - Promotion
    - Teams - consider allocating teams before the event to encourage attendance?
  - Google Code Jam
    - April 5th (Sun) 02:00 UTC (10:00 AWST)
    - Consider a physical event to compete 
      - EMP
      - CS 2.05
    - Promotion
## General Business
  - Re-imbursement for shirts
    - Only one left outstanding (sorted another day)
  - Re-imbursement for $50US DO
    - Pending pink slip
  - Re-imbursement for stickers
    - Pending pink slip
  - Re-imbursement for Dadams and Pizza ($162)
  - Clubroom move-in
    - At this point recommendations for newmittee
    - Meeting with UCA points out they intend on using the room for largely ad-hoc events
    - Money they have spent on furniture will be sorted by newmittee, spending special project grants before final breakdown
    - Think of nifty ways to spec out the room
      - We could schedule study times in the room 
      - Every Div 1 Codeforces contest :')
    - Finalizing the syllabus
      - We do not leave this meeting until this is finalized
    - Dealing with reallocation
      - Current information is that we have a clubroom in Cameron Hall. The exact room is currently unknown 
      - Heresay suggests large changes afoot; definitely shakes up many things
  - Digital Contests
    - Mid semester
    - End of semester
  - World Finals and COVID-19
  - Training session content
  - Things we wished we knew content
    - Intro-prog - consider suspending for one week for Resume writing
    - LaTeX
    - Git
    - Interview Training
    - Game Theory (from last year)
    - Still approx. three sessions spare
      - Choose your IDE? / How to *write* code
      - Quantum Computing
      - Machine Learning
      - Generic 'debunk the hype' session
  - Study Nights
    - Rather successful last year
    - Consider running without collaboration
    - Units to cover
  - Newsletter Writing
    - Frequency 
    - Consider including extra content not just events related 
  - Invited positions
    - IPP
    - Head Judge
    - Sysadmin 
  - SOC Meeting 24/3 5:30 Ross LT 
    - ACTION ? to attend 
  
    
## President's report
  - Attended O-day
  - Attended Club carnival
  - Attended yet another Soc Meeting
  - Became president again (whoops)

## Vice Pres's report
  
## Treasurer's report
  
## Secretary's report
  
## Fresh Rep's report

## OCM's report (Seamus)
  
## OCM's report (Lauren)

## OCM's report (Zahra)
  
## IPP report
  
## Previous Action Items
  - ACTION: Nic introduction slides 
  - ACTION: Lauren to look at time-tabling and roster people 
  - ACTION: Dadams for AGM emp 
  - ACTION: Tom to get some standing officers 
  - ACTION: Nic to create events and such 
  - ACTION: Nic to get ERF form ready
  - ACTION: Dadams to recurring EMP for training 
  - ACTION: Dadams EMP for the Fresher Welcome
  - ACTION: Lauren to look at time-tabling and roster people
  - ACTION: Dadams for AGM emp
  - ACTION: Tom to get some standing officers
  - ACTION: Nic to create events and such
  - ACTION: Nic to get ERF form ready
  - ACTION: Everyone to write something in handover
  - ACTION: Nic to prepare info sessions
  - ACTION: Dadams to recurring EMP for training
  - ACTION: Nic make a roster of help O-day
  - ACTION: Nic to chase up Gozz for Marquee (probably Taylor too)
  - ACTION: Nic to prepare content fresher welcome
  - ACTION: Dadams in charge of getting pizza (does not actually have to get it himself however)
  - ACTION: Nic to announce fresher welcome
  - ACTION: Tom, Nic and Seamus to prepare intro slides for first training
  - ACTION: Nic to create slack channel specifically for content prep
  - ACTION: Nic to announce AGM 
  - ACTION: Lauren find times/units
  - ACTION: Nic Email Professors
  - ACTION: Lauren Refresh slide
  - ACTION: Nic to whip speakers
  - ACTION: Nic to nuke Issues in GitHub
  
## Action Items 


Meeting Closed: 
